[ DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ METAL CLANGING ]
EXCUSE ME!
EXCUSE ME, SIR!
HOW YOU DOING?
OH, MAN.
YOU WANT TO DROP
THE CROWBAR?
PUT THE HANDS IN THE AIR.
DROP THE CROWBAR.
[ CROWBAR CLANGS ]
HANDS IN THE AIR.
DUDE, HEY...
LACE YOUR FINGERS.
GODDAMN IT, MAN.
TURN AROUND.
JUST THE SHIT I NEED.
RIGHT, MAN?
TURN AROUND.
FUCKING STUPID
SON OF A BITCH.
GOT ANYTHING IN YOUR POCKETS
I NEED TO KNOW ABOUT?
NO, MAN.
NO? NO NEEDLES?
NO.
KEEP YOUR FINGERS LACED
BEHIND YOUR HEAD.
[ Panting ] JUST FUCKING
AROUND OUT HERE, MAN.
NOW, DO YOU HAVE ANYTHING
IN YOUR POCKETS
YOU WANT TO
TELL ME ABOUT?
NOT NOTHING.
KEEP YOUR HANDS LACED
BEHIND YOUR HEAD.
SO, I'M NOT GONNA
BE SURPRISED?
I'M NOT GONNA
FIND ANYTHING ON YOU?
YOU HAVE ONE MORE CHANCE.
NO, MAN. NO.
OHH!
COPS ARE SUPPOSED TO
HOLD THE LINE
BETWEEN CHAOS
AND CIVILIZED SOCIETY.
EVERY NOW AND THEN,
CHAOS GETS THE UPPER HAND.
[ SNIFFS ]
HEY. I THINK RODRIGUEZ WAS
CHECKING ME OUT IN THE SHOWER.
I MEAN, I WANT MY FELLOW
OFFICERS TO WATCH MY ASS,
BUT NOT "WATCH MY ASS,"
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
YOU WANT TO GRAB A BEER?
YEAH. SOUNDS GOOD.
[ RAP MUSIC PLAYING ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
YO.
WE SHOULD DO THIS
MORE OFTEN, MAN.
ABSOLUTELY.
I COME HERE ALL THE TIME.
IT'S A FRIGGING SAUSAGE FEST
IN HERE, THOUGH.
[ Laughing ] YEAH.
YEAH, IT IS.
IT'S A GAY BAR.
YEAH,
I'M GETTING TO THAT.
YEAH?
I'M GAY, MORON.
NO SHIT.
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
SEE, BUT YOU WOULDN'T
KNOW THAT
BECAUSE I DON'T GO
SHOVING MY PERSONAL BUSINESS
IN YOUR FACE.
[ LAUGHS ]
I DON'T KNOW IF YOU'RE MESSING
WITH ME RIGHT NOW.
YOU SEE, IF YOU GOT A PROBLEM
WITH GAY PEOPLE,
THAT'S YOUR RIGHT,
OKAY?
BUT I DON'T WANT TO
HEAR ABOUT IT EVERY DAY.
YOU UNDERSTAND?
YEAH, YEAH. ROGER THAT.
I DIDN'T KNOW.
YEAH, WELL, YOU WON'T BE
MISTAKEN FOR SHERLOCK HOLMES.
LOOK, COOP, I'M JUST
BUSTING BALLS, ALL RIGHT?
I DIDN'T MEAN TO OFFEND ANYBODY.
THEY'RE JUST JOKES, YOU KNOW.
I MEAN, HEY, HONESTLY,
I GOT NO PROBLEM
WITH GAY PEOPLE.
YOU GOT NO PROBLEM?
THEN YOU WON'T MIND STAYING
FOR A LITTLE WHILE, RIGHT?
ANOTHER ROUND?
NO PROBLEM, RIGHT?
YEAH, YEAH.
[ Chuckling ]
OF COURSE. OF COURSE.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
CAN I ASK YOU
A QUESTION, THOUGH?
YEAH.
DO THESE PANTS
MAKE ME LOOK FAT?
[ Laughing ] ASSHOLE.
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
YOU'RE BUYING.
COME ON!
TWO SHOTS OF MAKER'S.
THANK YOU! THANKS.
MAN!
I COULD PULL DOWN SOME
SERIOUS ASS AS A GAY DUDE.
I'M TELLING YOU.
YOU THINK SO, HUH?
YEAH, THEY WERE CHECKING ME OUT
LIKE CRAZY IN THERE,
AND NOW I KNOW WHAT IT FEELS
LIKE TO BE A CHICK.
[ LAUGHS ]
YOU WANT TO BE A CHICK,
THAT'S A --
THAT'S A DIFFERENT BAR,
BUT, UH,
I DON'T KNOW, MAN.
[ Laughing ] I'M PRETTY SURE
I CAN GET YOU DIRECTIONS.
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
DUDE.
DO NOT MAKE ME
KNOCK YOU ON YOUR ASS.
NO, COME ON, LET'S GO.
NO, DUDE, YOU DON'T
WANT A PIECE OF ME.
BULLSHIT! LET'S GO.
YOU DON'T WANT
A PIECE OF THIS.
LET'S GO. COME ON.
ALL RIGHT.
COME ON,
YOU LITTLE CRAZY --
COME ON. LET'S GO.
WHAT?
COME ON.
[ GRUNTS ]
HUH?
COME ON.
COME ON, DUDE.
OKAY.
COME ON, MAN.
[ GRUNTS ]
[ LAUGHS ]
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
GET THE FUCK OFF ME,
FAGGOT.
HE'S BEAUTIFUL, LYDIA.
YEAH.
THANK YOU.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I MEAN, YEAH,
HE IS, RIGHT?
IT'S NOT JUST ME.
[ LAUGHS ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
YEAH.
HE'S A GOOD-LOOKING KID.
SO, HOW'S WORK?
IT'S GOOD, YOU KNOW?
UM, A BIT BORING,
BUT IT PAYS REALLY WELL,
AND YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE
THE VACATION TIME
THAT THESE GUYS TAKE.
AM I
IN THE WRONG BUSINESS?
WHEN YOU'RE READY TO STOP
CHASING DOWN BAD GUYS,
I'M SURE THAT THEY WOULD BE
HAPPY TO HAVE YOU.
"STOP CHASING DOWN
BAD GUYS."
YEAH.
I WON'T HOLD MY BREATH.
[ CHUCKLES ]
SO, UH...
YOU KNOW, I DON'T EVEN
KNOW HOW TO SAY THIS,
BUT I JUST
WANT YOU TO KNOW
THAT I'M SORRY
FOR WHAT I DID.
I KNOW YOU ARE.
YOU SAID THAT A LONG TIME AGO.
WITH EVERYTHING GOING ON --
MY MOM, CHRISTOPHER...
I'VE BEEN THINKING
ABOUT THINGS,
BIG-PICTURE
KIND OF THINGS, YOU KNOW?
YEAH.
[ Sighing ] AND I REALIZE
I'VE SPENT SO MUCH TIME
BEING MAD AT PEOPLE
AND HOLDING ONTO THINGS,
AND...I'M TIRED
OF DOING THAT.
DOES THAT MAKE SENSE?
YEAH. COMPLETELY.
[ LAUGHS ]
IS THIS GUY
KEEPING YOU UP MUCH?
OH, GOD.
[ CHUCKLES ]
OH, YEAH?
YOU HAVE NO IDEA.
[ CLICKING TONGUE ]
YOU BETTER WATCH IT, BUDDY.
YOUR MOM'S A TOUGH LADY.
OH, YEAH.
[ CLICKING TONGUE ]
DISPATCHER: A57 handle unknown
trouble at 221 Selma Avenue.
P/R reports suspicious activity
at the vacant building.
A57.
SHOW US HANDLING.
[ SIGHS ]
[ CAR DOOR CLOSES ]
A57. SHOW US CODE 6.
[ METAL CLANGING ]
LOOK AT THIS IDIOT.
WE DON'T CATCH
THE SMART ONES.
[ CROWBAR CLANGS ]
FUCK!
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
YOU WANT TO GO
RUIN HIS DAY?
ABSOLUTELY.
[ METAL CLANGING ]
EXCUSE ME!
EXCUSE ME, SIR!
HOW YOU DOING?
OH, MAN.
YOU WANT TO DROP
THE CROWBAR?
PUT THE HANDS IN THE AIR.
DROP THE CROWBAR.
[ CROWBAR CLANGS ]
HANDS IN THE AIR.
DUDE, HEY...
LACE YOUR FINGERS.
GODDAMN IT, MAN.
TURN AROUND.
JUST THE SHIT I NEED,
RIGHT, MAN?
TURN AROUND.
FUCKING STUPID
SON OF A BITCH.
GOT ANYTHING IN YOUR POCKETS
I NEED TO KNOW ABOUT?
NO, MAN.
NO? NO NEEDLES?
NO.
KEEP YOUR FINGERS LACED
BEHIND YOUR HEAD.
[ Panting ] JUST FUCKING
AROUND OUT HERE, MAN.
NOW, DO YOU HAVE ANYTHING
IN YOUR POCKETS
YOU WANT TO
TELL ME ABOUT?
NOT NOTHING.
KEEP YOUR HANDS LACED
BEHIND YOUR HEAD.
SO, I'M NOT GONNA
BE SURPRISED?
I'M NOT GONNA
FIND ANYTHING ON YOU?
NO, MAN.
YOU HAVE ONE MORE CHANCE.
NO.
Lucero: OHH! OH, OH!
Cody: LAY DOWN.
FUCK.
GET ON THE GROUND!
HEY! DROP!
HEY! [ GRUNTS ]
ALL RIGHT.
DON'T FUCKING MOVE, MAN!
DON'T YOU FUCKING MOVE!
SHIT! WHAT ARE
WE DOING HERE, MAN?!
GET HIS BELT!
OKAY.
YEAH!
GET HIS BELT OFF!
TAKE OFF YOUR SHIT!
I'M NOT DOING THAT, MAN.
TAKE OFF YOUR BELT!
SHUT UP! I WILL
FUCK YOUR SHIT UP, MAN!
DON'T FUCKING MOVE.
GET HIS BELT OFF,
MAN!
DO IT AGAIN!
John: HENRY!
I GOT HIS FUCKING GUN.
COOP!
HEY,
TAKE OFF HIS BELT!
DISPATCHER: A57, are you still
code 6 at your location?
A57, come in.
[ GROANS ]
[ SIREN WAILS ]
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
WE SHOULD HAVE NEVER
GIVEN UP OUR WEAPONS.
THAT'S TEXTBOOK SHIT.
TEXTBOOK DON'T DO MUCH
WHEN YOUR PARTNER'S
GOT A GUN TO HIS HEAD, RIGHT?
[ Panting ] AH.
I LET MY GUARD DOWN -- STUPID.
SO DID I. IT'S OKAY.
IT WAS A MISTAKE.
YOU SEE THEIR TEETH?
YEAH.
METH MOUTH.
THEY'RE STEALING COPPER WIRE
TO GET HIGH.
THEY JUST --
THEY JUST WANT MONEY.
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
LET'S CHECK IT OUT.
[ CAR BEEPS ]
A35, I'M CODE 6
AT A57's LOCATION.
I HAVE A VISUAL
ON THEIR VEHICLE. STAND BY.
TUBE'S STILL RACKED.
THIS AIN'T RIGHT, MAN.
THIS AIN'T RIGHT.
JESUS.
BROOKE -- WE BROKE UP.
NOW SHE WON'T STOP
CALLING ME.
SUCKS.
HEY, I GOT SOME PEOPLE
I WANT TO TALK TO --
MIGHT HAVE SOME INFORMATION
ABOUT THE NBKs.
DON'T YOU THINK WE SHOULD LET
SOME OTHER GUYS HANDLE THAT?
WHAT?
DIPSHIT MENDOZA
FAKES GETTING LIT UP,
YOU TURN
INTO CHARLES BRONSON,
BUT NOW THEY COME
TO MY HOUSE,
YOU'RE MY FRIGGING PARTNER,
YOU GET ALL SHEEPISH?
YOU TOLD ME IT WAS A MISTAKE
GETTING INVOLVED WITH THAT,
AND YOU WERE RIGHT,
OKAY?
I-I PUSHED IT,
AND A LITTLE KID
ENDED UP GETTING SHOT.
I'M JUST LISTENING
TO WHAT YOU TOLD ME.
I HAVE A POINT.
[ SCOFFS ] I'M NOT GONNA
SHOOT ANYBODY.
I JUST WANT
TO ASK AROUND.
OKAY, YEAH. ALL RIGHT.
WHERE WE HEADED?
HOLLYWOOD DIVISION.
FOR WHAT?
SHE WOULDN'T SAY. SHE JUST SAID
WE WERE NEEDED THERE.
Sammy: I WANT TO
MAKE A QUICK STOP.
WHAT? WHAT'S THIS?
IT'S AN OLD FRIEND,
OKAY?
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
[ SIGHS ]
[ HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING ]
[ CAR DOOR CLOSES ]
OFFICER BRYANT,
ALWAYS A PLEASURE.
DETECTIVE LANG.
HEY, HEARD ABOUT THE BREAK-IN
AT YOUR PLACE. YOU ALL RIGHT?
OH, YEAH.
I'M -- I'M FINE.
OKAY.
HOW YOU DOING?
I'M GOOD.
YEAH?
YEAH.
SO, UH [CLEARS THROAT]
COULD YOU DO ME A FAVOR?
KEEP AN EYE OUT FOR ANY NBKs,
ANYBODY WHO KNOWS ANYTHING.
I WANT TO BE THE GUY
THAT WALKS THIS ASSHOLE
INTO THE STATION.
I WANT -- I WANT TO PUT
THE CUFFS ON HIM, YOU KNOW?
OF COURSE. SAY NO MORE.
BUT YOU SHOULD BE CAREFUL.
I'M DEALING WITH THESE
ASSHOLES ALL THE TIME,
AND TAGGING UP SOMEONE'S HOUSE
ISN'T REALLY THEIR STYLE.
LIGHTING SOMEONE UP
WITH A COUPLE AKs IS.
YEAH. OF COURSE.
IF YOU, UH,
NEED TO GET IN TOUCH.
DOESN'T HAVE TO
BE WORK-RELATED.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU'VE BEEN MARRIED
TOO LONG, BRYANT.
[ Sighing ] WHAT?
SHIT.
UH, I-I'LL HOLD ON
TO THIS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'VE GOT A REAL WAY
WITH THE LADIES.
JESUS. HATE TO SEE WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOU ACTUALLY GET LAID.
YEAH.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
THERE'S WILSON AND HUNTER
FROM PACIFIC.
YEAH.
AND I RECOGNIZE
THOSE TWO FROM SOUTHWEST.
GETTING EVERYBODY
IN ON THIS.
ALL RIGHT, LISTEN UP, PLEASE!
GRAB A SEAT!
LISTEN UP! HERE'S THE DEAL.
CURRENTLY WE HAVE TWO HOLLYWOOD
PATROL OFFICERS MISSING.
DETAILS ARE SKETCHY
AT THE MOMENT,
SO KEEP ASSUMPTIONS
TO A MINIMUM,
AND HERE ARE THE FACTS
AS WE KNOW THEM.
OFFICERS COOPER AND LUCERO
WENT CODE 6 AT 1030 HOURS
ON AN UNKNOWN-TROUBLE CALL.
GONNA BE WORKING OFF TAC 42,
AND YOU'VE BEEN TEMPORARILY
ASSIGNED TO HOLLYWOOD DIVISION.
[ GROANS ]
HOW'S YOUR BACK?
YEAH? WHERE ARE WE?
WE TOOK A LEFT
OFF THE EXIT AWHILE BACK
AND THEN A RIGHT
A FEW MILES AGO.
[ SNIFFS ]
I DON'T KNOW.
IS THAT A HOUSE?
YEAH, I THINK SO.
[ ENGINE REVS ]
[ ENGINE SHUTS OFF ]
[ TRUCK DOORS CLOSE ]
[ BOTH PANTING ]
OH, SHIT.
SHIT.
COME ON.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
COME ON. GET IN THERE.
[ GRUNTING ]
GET IN HERE!
COME ON.
[ GRUNTING ]
OH!
GET IN HERE!
GET THE --
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
NOW. NOW.
WHERE'D YOU PUT THAT?
HERE WE GO.
[ GRUNTS ]
[ PANTING ]
I was half scared for
a second that these
guys had cartel ties.
They're in
way over their heads.
Chatterbox seems like he's
too far gone, but Pipsqueak
just looks scared.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY.
WHAT IS THAT FUCKER DOING?
SHUT THE FUCK UP!
SHUT UP!
I DIDN'T SAY YOU COULD TALK,
YOU FUCKING HOMOS, HUH?
WHAT? WHAT DID YOU CALL ME?
YOU LIKE HOLDING HANDS, HUH?!
HUH? YOU LIKE SUCKING
EACH OTHER'S DICKS?!
WHAT'D YOU FUCKING CALL ME?!
HEY!
ENOUGH!
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
I DON'T LIKE
HAVING COPS HERE, MAN.
I DO NOT LIKE THIS SHIT.
I DON'T THINK THIS WAS
SUCH A GOOD IDEA, MAN.
THESE TWO ARE FUCKING
UP TO SOMETHING, MAN!
HEY! FUCK YOU, MAN!
COME ON!
SIT THE FUCK DOWN!
HENRY!
DO NOT LOOK AT ME!
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
[ PANTING ]
HEY.
HEY, GUYS, GUYS.
GUYS, COME ON.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
JUST LET US GO.
RIGHT? NO, LET US GO.
YOU HAVEN'T EVEN
DONE ANYTHING THAT BAD YET, HUH?
[ Chuckling ] OH, OH, OH.
SHUT THE FUCK UP!
NO, NO. LISTEN, LISTEN.
JUST LET US GO.
WE'LL NEVER BE ABLE TO
FIND THIS PLACE AGAIN.
NO WAY. NO WAY.
YOU'LL BE SCOT-FREE, RIGHT?
YOU'LL BE SCOT-FREE.
OH.
YOU DON'T WANT
TO GET DEEPER IN THIS SHIT.
YOU DON'T WANT THIS!
HEY, SHUT UP.
JUST SHUT UP!
STOP.
SHUT UP.
I DO NOT LIKE THIS GUY,
MAN.
DAMN.
I GOT TO SHIT, MAN.
GET SMART, MAN.
GET SMART.
SHUT UP!
SHUT UP, MAN!
HENRY.
I REALLY GOT TO SHIT, MAN.
WATCH THESE TWO.
GET UP AND PUT THE GUN
ON THEM, MAN!
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
HEY.
NO.
NO, NO. IT'S OKAY.
LOOK,
I AIN'T LYING, MAN.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU WANT TO GET HIGH.
I FUCKING GET IT,
ALL RIGHT?
JUST LET US
OUT OF THESE.
I'LL SEE YOU FREE.
I'LL GET YOU OUT OF THIS MESS.
YOU DON'T WANT TO LISTEN
TO THAT ASSHOLE.
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE TAKING ORDERS
FROM THIS MOTHERFUCKER?
FUCK HIM.
FUCK HIM, RIGHT?
HEY. BE QUIET.
OHH!
[ GROANING ]
GET THE FUCK
OUT OF HERE.
[ GROANING ]
[ SCREAMING ]
HENRY.
[ SCREAMS ]
I KNOW COOPER A LITTLE BIT.
HE'S A GOOD COP.
YEAH, LUCERO, TOO.
HE'S FREAKING SOLID.
THAT'S WHY NONE OF THIS
IS MAKING ANY SENSE.
RIGHT HERE.
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
[ SIREN WAILS IN DISTANCE ]
ADAMS.
ROBINSON.
ALL RIGHT,
SO ACROSS THE ROOM OVER THERE,
THE DOGS LOST HIS SCENT,
SO I'M ASSUMING THEY PUT THEM
IN SOME KIND OF A VEHICLE
OR SOMETHING.
AND AS YOU CAN SEE
RIGHT THERE,
WE FOUND SOME KEEPERS
ON THE GROUND.
YEAH, THEY MUST HAVE
TAKEN THEIR BELTS
AND MISSED THE KEEPERS.
YEAH.
Ruben: WHAT ABOUT THE LADY
WHO CALLED IN THE DISTURBANCE?
I DON'T KNOW, MAN. SHE SAID
SHE SAW SOME MOVEMENT,
BUT THERE WERE SHADOWS.
"BLAH, BLAH, BLAH." TRUST ME.
THAT SHIT IS USELESS.
AND SPEAKING OF USELESS,
LOOK AT THESE DESK JOCKEYS.
OOH. NO OFFENSE.
YEAH, WELL...
IT LOOKS LIKE YOU GUYS
GOT THINGS COVERED HERE,
SO WE'LL JUST CANVASS
OTHER BUILDINGS
AND SEE IF WE CAN COME UP
WITH A WITNESS.
COPY THAT.
MAN: Hello? Hello?
WHO IS THIS?
* Everything's gone *
* Everything's gone away *
* Everything's gone,
baby *
* Everything's gone away *
* You know
you've done me wrong *
* Well, you'll be sorry *
YOU GOT TO -- HEY.
YOU GOT TO CUT MY HAIR, MAN.
I NEED TO CUT MY HAIR
OR THEY'RE GONNA RECOGNIZE ME.
HUH?
OH, THEY'RE LOOKING
FOR US, MAN.
THEY'RE LOOKING.
I GOT TO CUT YOUR HAIR, TOO.
COME ON.
[ GROANS ]
[ SIGHS ]
* BUT I DON'T BOTHER *
Pipsqueak
just put his phone down.
[ Groans ] Pipsqueak just
put his phone down.
When we see a chance,
we'll grab it.
They'll never know.
SIT THE FUCK DOWN.
SHH, SHH.
STAY THE FUCK STILL.
* I COULD PUT ON
A TIGHT BLACK SHIRT *
* BUT I DON'T BOTHER,
I DON'T BOTHER *
* I COULD HIT THE GYM
SO IT LOOKS REAL NICE *
* BUT I DON'T BOTHER,
I DON'T BOTHER *
[ CHUCKLES ]
THANKS.
TWO PATROL OFFICERS
ARE MISSING.
THEY WENT CODE 6 AND NEVER
RETURNED TO THEIR CRUISER.
WHAT?
BULLSHIT. WHO?
I DON'T KNOW.
JESUS.
HANG ON.
COME ON. ENOUGH OF THIS
MEMORY-LANE BULLSHIT.
IT'S AN OLD C.I. OF MINE.
USED TO BUY FROM NBKs.
I'LL TAKE TWO SECONDS.
SAM, WE HAVE A JOB TO DO.
WE CAN'T BE CHASING THIS ONE --
IT'LL TAKE TWO SECONDS.
VICTORIA.
OFFICER BRYANT. HEY.
HOW YOU DOING?
I'M GOOD.
YOU GOT TO GET BACK
TO THAT DETECTIVE SHIT, BABY.
USED TO LOOK
REAL GOOD OUT HERE
WITH YOUR LITTLE SUIT
AND TIE ON.
YEAH,
YOU LOOKED REAL SHARP.
JUST A LADY KILLER
TODAY.
Ben: WHEN IT RAINS,
IT POURS, I GUESS.
YEAH.
HEY, UH...
HMM?
...HAVE YOU HEARD
ANYTHING
ABOUT A BREAK-IN
AT A COP'S HOUSE
OR A COP
GETTING GREEN-LIT?
NO, BUT I DO KNOW
A LOT OF OTHER SHIT.
YEAH, I'M SURE YOU DO.
MM-HMM.
I'M LOOKING
FOR THIS GUY STROKEFACE.
YEAH. I KNOW THAT NIGGA.
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
YOU DO?
HELLO?
YEAH.
YOU'VE SEEN HIM?
THREE, FOUR, FIVE DAYS AGO.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
WHOA. ALL RIGHT. CALM DOWN.
LEAVE HIM ALONE.
I'M COMING RIGHT THERE.
WELL, HEY, THANK YOU.
I APPRECIATE IT.
ANYTIME, OFFICER.
HEY, SAMMY. WE GOT TO GO.
COME ON. WE GOT TO GO.
WE GOT TO GO, MAN!
COME ON.
THANK YOU, VICTORIA.
BYE.
YOU HEAR THAT?
YEAH?
HUH?
DUDE, WHAT IS THAT?
WHAT IS THAT?
THERE'S NOBODY HERE.
NO, NO, NO. I HEAR --
I HEAR SOMEONE, MAN.
THEY MAYBE
TRACKED US HERE.
YEAH?
YOU GUYS GOT TRACKERS
IN ON YOU SOMEWHERE, HUH?!
HEY. JUST GET
YOUR HANDS OFF ME.
DON'T FUCKING TOUCH ME!
ARE THEY UP YOUR ASS?!
LEAVE HIM
THE FUCK ALONE.
LOOK, WE DON'T
HAVE ANYTHING LIKE THAT.
THEY'RE GONNA BE
LOOKING FOR US,
AND THEY'RE GONNA
FIND US EVENTUALLY.
COME ON, MAN.
DON'T DO ANYTHING STUPID.
NO, NO, NO.
DON'T DO ANYTHING
STUPID.
DON'T DO THAT.
DON'T DO THAT!
NO, NO! NO!
[ SCREAMS ]
GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!
[ SCREAMING ]
[ SOBBING ]
YEAH, MOTHERFUCKER!
GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!
[ SCREAMING ]
GET THE FUCK
OUT OF HERE!
[ SCREAMING ]
GET THAT DUDE
RIGHT THERE!
DON'T!
HELP!
OKAY. ALL RIGHT.
JUST CALM DOWN.
[ SOBBING ]
NO. THERE'S NO TRACKERS, MAN.
THERE'S NO TRACKERS!
GET DOWN.
I'M TELLING YOU!
AAH!
GET HIM UP! GET HIM UP!
I CAN'T GET UP!
SHUT UP.
PUT THE GUN ON HIS HEAD.
[ GROANING ]
[ Panting ] NO WAY, MAN.
HE MESSED WITH ME
TOO MANY TIMES, MAN.
COME ON.
LEAVE HIM ALONE.
COME ON!
GET OVER HERE!
GET OFF ME!
NO!
COME ON, MAN!
GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!
FUCK OUT OF HERE!
[ SCREAMING ]
COME ON! DRAG HIS ASS!
HENRY! HENRY!
[ SCREAMING ]
[ CLATTERING ]
ALL RIGHT, LOOK, I GOT THIS.
SHE'S REALLY UPSET.
JUST WAIT HERE, OKAY?
I'LL BE BACK IN A MINUTE.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
WHAT'S GOING ON?
THANK GOD, BABY.
HE CAME IN ALL MESSED UP.
HE LOOKED HIMSELF IN THE HOUSE.
HE SAID HE WOULDN'T TALK
TO ANYBODY ELSE BUT YOU.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
BABY, I THINK HE DID SOMETHING
REALLY STUPID, BABY.
IT'S GONNA BE ALL RIGHT.
I'M GONNA TALK TO HIM, OKAY?
WAIT HERE. WAIT HERE.
PLEASE. OKAY.
CRIS, IT'S BEN!
OPEN UP, MAN!
CRIS! OPEN UP!
CRIS, LET'S GO!
WAIT HERE.
I SCREWED UP, MAN.
WHAT HAPPENED?
I SCREWED UP.
WHAT?
I HIT THIS APARTMENT.
Cris: I THOUGHT IT WOULD
BE EASY AFTER THE LAST
JOINT, BUT THEY CAME HOME.
THEY SAW ME JUMP OUT
THE BALCONY -- THE NEIGHBORS.
THEY CALLED THE COPS!
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO ABOUT IT?
WHAT? DO YOU THINK
I CAN MAKE THIS GO AWAY?
JUST -- I FUCKING
HELPED YOUR ASS.
I NEED YOU TO HELP ME.
OR WHAT? OR WHAT?!
I JUST NEED YOU
TO FIX THIS SHIT, MAN.
WHERE'D YOU GET THIS?
WHERE'D YOU FUCKING GET THIS?!
YOU GET THIS FROM THE HOUSE?!
I KEPT TWO THINGS.
I TOLD YOU TO GET RID
OF EVERYTHING!
I KEPT LIKE TWO THINGS!
SHUT YOUR STUPID FUCKING MOUTH.
I TOLD YOU TO GET RID
OF EVERYTHING.
THAT MEANS
GET RID OF IT.
THROW IT IN THE FUCKING
RIVER, ALL RIGHT?
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
OKAY, MAN! OKAY!
YOU BETTER NOT BE SELLING IT
TO SOME PAWN SHOP.
THROW IT IN THE RIVER.
GET RID OF IT.
WELL, WHAT ABOUT
THE OTHER THING, MAN?!
I'LL LOOK INTO IT.
FOR NOW, LAY LOW
AND USE YOUR HEAD.
SAMMY,
WHAT THE HELL, MAN?
I JUST TALKED TO A DETECTIVE
I KNOW FROM PACIFIC.
JOHN COOPER'S
ONE OF THE COPS MISSING.
WHAT?
[ GRUNTING ]
YEAH, HERE WE GO.
SET HIM DOWN.
[ PANTING ]
HERE WE GO. OKAY.
HEY, HEY, HEY!
GET OVER HERE!
HOLD HIM DOWN!
DON'T MOVE. DON'T MOVE.
THERE WE GO.
GET HIS HAND OVER HERE.
JUST TRY THAT AGAIN, MAN,
YOU FUCKING --
SIT DOWN
AND WATCH THEM, MAN!
SIT DOWN!
I'LL BE BACK!
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
YOU GOT TO HANG
IN THERE.
[ COUGHS ]
CALVARY'S GONNA
ROLL IN HERE ANY MINUTE.
I NEED YOU ALERT.
THEY'RE GONNA KILL US.
NO.
THINK OF --
YOU'VE GOT YOUR WIFE.
[ CRYING ]
RIGHT? SHE NEEDS YOU.
SHE'S WAITING FOR YOU,
HENRY.
[ Sobbing ]
NO, SHE'S NOT.
SHE LEFT ME.
SHE SAID I WAS DELUSIONAL.
YOU'RE GONNA GET HER BACK, MAN,
AND YOUR KIDS.
THINK ABOUT YOUR KIDS.
THEY NEED YOU.
WHERE ARE -- I NEED THE KEYS
TO THE CAR, MAN.
CAN'T TAKE THE TRUCK.
THEY'RE LOOKING FOR IT, MAN.
WE NEED CASH!
I NEED CASH, MAN!
WE DIDN'T GET SHIT
BECAUSE OF THESE ASSHOLES!
WHERE ARE THE KEYS, MAN?
YOU GOT THE KEYS ON YOU?
YEAH.
WHERE ARE
THEIR WALLETS?
IN THE TRUCK.
HUH?
HEY, HEY.
GET THE FUCK OFF OF HIM.
HEY!
GET OFF HIM!
WHAT'S YOUR ATM NUMBER,
HUH?
12-52.
THERE WE GO.
HERE, BIG BOY. COME ON.
WHAT'S YOUR ATM NUMBER?
7-1-4-0.
THERE WE GO.
NOT SO HARD, HUH?
WATCH THEM!
[ DOOR SLAMS ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
[ TRUCK BEEPING ]
Lydia:
GIVE US A CALL IF YOU THINK OF
ANYTHING ELSE, ALL RIGHT?
THANKS A LOT. LET ME KNOW IF YOU
SEE ANYTHING OR HEAR ANYTHING.
THANK YOU.
[ SIGHS ] OH, MAN.
LOT OF DEAD ENDS.
YEAH, WELL,
LET'S GO FIND ANOTHER ONE.
WHAT'S UP?
THOSE PANTS, THOSE BOOTS.
THEY LOOK POLICE ISSUE TO YOU?
MM-HMM.
HEY!
HEY.
NO, NO.
WHERE'D YOU
GET THOSE PANTS?
DISPATCHER:
Adam-28, respond to a 415,
neighbor dispute
at the corner of 3rd and main.
OH. OH, YOU'RE
THE B.B. KING IMPERSONATOR.
WHERE'D
YOU GET THIS STUFF?
Adam-28...
IT'S MINE. I FOUND IT.
SHOW ME WHERE.
SHOW ME WHERE!
IN THERE.
Ruben: GOT A COUPLE
OF CAMERAS.
BEN.
ICEBERG STRAIGHT AHEAD.
JESUS.
UH, GIVE ME A SECOND.
YOU DON'T
RETURN MY CALLS NOW?
IT'S A CRAZY DAY.
ARE YOU FUCKING
SOMEONE ELSE?
BROOKE, COME ON.
ANSWER THE QUESTION,
PIECE OF SHIT!
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT! YES, YES!
I'M FUCKING SOMEBODY ELSE.
IT'S AMAZING, ALL RIGHT?
[ SOBS ]
SORRY. I'M SORRY, OKAY?
I'M SORRY.
THAT WAS -- THAT WAS MEAN.
I'M SORRY, ALL RIGHT?
YOU FUCKED UP, SHERMAN.
YOU MADE A BIG FUCKING MISTAKE.
I'M SURE YOU'RE RIGHT.
OKAY.
I'M GONNA SUCK EVERY COCK
IN THE ALVARADO DIVISION.
YOU PIECE OF SHIT!
I GOT TO GO.
YOU'RE GONNA WISH
YOU NEVER MET ME, YOU PUSSY!
MY C.I. SPOTTED STROKEFACE.
LET'S GO.
COOPER AND LUCERO WENT CODE 6
ABOUT 10:22 A.M.
RALPH, THE HOMELESS GUY --
HE FOUND THE RADIO AND PANTS
AROUND 1:00, 1:30,
SO THAT'S OUR WINDOW OF THEM
GOING THROUGH THIS ALLEY.
LOOK. THAT'S THEM, THAT'S THEM.
BACK IT UP.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S, UH...LET'S
ZOOM IN ON THE LICENSE PLATE.
WE GOT
1-EDWARD-4-9-9-0-1.
DID YOU GET THAT?
[ KEYBOARD CLACKING ]
TRUCK'S REGISTERED
TO A FRANCIS VINCENT O'BRIEN --
2241 COLD CANYON ROAD.
GOT IT.
RIGHT. THANK YOU.
DON'T YOU THINK WE SHOULD BE
HELPING OUT IN HOLLYWOOD,
PUT AS MANY BODIES ON FINDING
COOPER AS POSSIBLE?
SAMMY,
I'M TALKING TO YOU.
Sammy: I GOT EYES
ON STROKEFACE.
SAMMY.
JUST BE CAREFUL,
ALL RIGHT?
[ CAR DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
WHAT'S UP?
Strokeface:
SO, WHAT YOU WANT, MAN?
DID YOU SEND SOME
OF YOUR BOYS BY MY HOUSE?
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
NO?
'CAUSE I SEEM
TO REMEMBER
YOU THREATENING
THAT EXACT SAME THING,
AND THEN SOME ASSHOLES
BREAK INTO MY HOUSE,
TAG IT UP NBK.
THAT'S SOME FUCKING
COINCIDENCE, PAL.
COME ON, MAN. MY BOYS AIN'T
STUPID LIKE THAT, ALL RIGHT?
OH, NO.
OF COURSE NOT.
WHERE'D YOU ALL MEET
ANYHOW? HARVARD?
WHY DON'T YOU COME WITH ME
DOWN TO THE STATION?
YOU CAN TELL ME ALL ABOUT IT,
THE WHOLE FUCKING THING.
SO YOU GONNA PUT THAT SHIT
ON ME, RIGHT?
UH-HUH.
YOU CROOKED,
AND YOU FUCKING CRAZY, MAN.
I AIN'T GOING BACK TO JAIL.
ALL RIGHT, MOTHERFUCKER?
WHAT DID YOU --
WHAT DID YOU SAY TO ME?
SAID I AIN'T GOING BACK
TO FUCKING JAIL.
GET OUT OF THE CAR.
Ben: SAMMY, SCREW HIM.
WE KNOW WHERE TO FIND HIM.
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
FUCK. FUCKER.
A36 -- SHOW US IN PURSUIT
OF A GRAY CADILLAC...
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
...TURNING DOWN AN ALLEY
ONTO DAWSON.
LICENSE PLATE
4-MARY-2-1-DAVID-2-4.
CLEAR?
CLEAR.
[ SIREN WAILS ]
[ ENGINE REVS ]
TURNING ONTO
COURT STREET.
CLEAR?
CLEAR.
[ ENGINE REVS ]
BEN, BEN,
HE'S STOPPING.
[ CAR DOORS OPEN ]
COME ON, MAN.
YOU KNOW I'M GONNA CATCH YOU.
[ GRUNTING ]
ALL RIGHT.
COME ON, MAN.
COME ON.
HEY!
SHIT.
OH, SHIT.
[ PANTING ]
[ GURGLING ]
THERE'S AN AMBULANCE
ON THE WAY.
HANG ON!
HANG ON.
SON OF A BITCH!
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
[ SIGHS ]
WHAT A SHIT SHOW.
I'M SORRY, MAN.
HEY, THERE'S NO WAY
YOU COULD HAVE PREDICTED THIS.
NO, YOU WERE RIGHT.
YOU ALREADY
GIVE YOUR STATEMENT?
YEAH.
YEAH, I GOT YOU.
IF YOU WANT TO HEAD OVER
TO HOLLYWOOD,
I'LL COVER FOR YOU.
I'M SURE
THEY'LL UNDERSTAND.
YEAH?
YEAH.
GO. SERIOUSLY.
YEAH, ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT. THANKS.
HEY, HANG IN THERE, OKAY?
ALL RIGHT.
HEY, YOU, TOO.
FUCK.
[ SPITS ]
[ GROANS ]
A WORD.
BRYANT, WHAT THE FUCK
DID I SAY TO YOU?
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
I TRUST YOU NOT TO MAKE
A FUCKING IDIOT MOVE LIKE THIS.
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
TONS OF PEOPLE SAW --
CONSTRUCTION WORKERS.
THERE WAS NOTHING I COULD DO.
I'M -- I'M SORRY.
HEY, SERGEANT.
YOU HEARD ANYTHING
ABOUT THOSE TWO COPS?
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
Woman: WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
OH, MY GOD!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
THIS IS MY HOUSE!
WHO ARE YOU?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY HOUSE?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO ME?
THIS IS MY HOUSE!
NO!
NO, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
GET OFF OF ME!
[ SIGHS ] I DON'T KNOW.
IT DOESN'T LOOK GOOD,
YOU ASK ME.
YOU KNOW "THE ONION FIELD"?
THOSE GUYS IN '63?
THERE WAS A MOVIE
ABOUT THAT.
HEY, HEY, HEY.
SHUT YOUR FUCKING MOUTH.
I DON'T WANT TO HEAR YOU TALKING
LIKE THAT AGAIN, ALL RIGHT?
OKAY! OKAY! JESUS!
WHAT THE FUCK?
DEWEY! DEWEY!
SHOW SOME RESPECT,
YOU LITTLE SHIT!
GODDAMN IT.
YOU ALL RIGHT?
[ SIGHS ]
WHAT'S GOING ON, MAN?
IS THERE ANYTHING
I CAN DO TO HELP?
HUH?
LOOK,
I DON'T KNOW, MAN.
RHD's GOT US
STANDING AROUND HERE
WITH OUR DICKS
IN OUR HANDS.
OKAY. ALL RIGHT. ALL RIGHT.
WELL, WHAT HAVE YOU HEARD?
[ BREATHING SHAKILY ]
HUH?
THEY FOUND THEIR UNIFORMS
AND THEIR BELTS
IN A DUMPSTER
NEAR THE SCENE, BEN.
I DON'T -- I DON'T FUCKING
KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON.
WHY ARE WE
HANGING OUT HERE?!
I DON'T KNOW!
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO, HUH?
FUCK THIS.
I'M GONNA GO LOOK FOR THEM.
WHERE?
WHERE YOU GONNA LOOK?
LOOK, I DON'T KNOW WHERE, MAN.
ANYWHERE. YOU COMING OR WHAT?
OUR FATHER, WHO ART IN HEAVEN,
HALLOWED BE THY NAME.
THY KINGDOM COME,
THY WILL BE DONE,
ON EARTH
AS IT IS IN HEAVEN.
Shut up.
[ MUMBLING ]
Henry,
this is our chance.
HENRY. HENRY!
[ MUMBLING ]
[ GRUNTING ]
FATHER, WHO ART IN HEAVEN,
HALLOWED BE THY NAME.
GIVE US THIS DAY
OUR DAILY BREAD...
[ GRUNTS ]
...AND FORGIVE US
OUR TRESPASSES,
AS WE FORGIVE THOSE
WHO TRESPASS AGAINST US.
FUCK.
AND LEAD US NOT TO TEMPTATION,
BUT DELIVER US FROM EVIL.
NOW IS THE HOUR
OF OUR DEATH. AMEN.
[ GRUNTING ]
HAIL MARY,
MOTHER OF GOD.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
[ DOOR OPENS ]
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA!
WHAT THE HELL, MAN?!
WHAT THE --
WHAT THE HELL?!
DUDE, WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH YOU, MAN?!
WHY DID YOU LEAVE THEM
ALONE, MAN?!
YOU JUST MESSED
THE WHOLE THING UP, MAN!
THEY CALLED THE COPS,
MAN!
NO -- NO, THEY DIDN'T!
YOU MORON, MAN!
THEY'RE GONNA TRACK US DOWN!
CALM DOWN!
THEY DIDN'T MAKE A CALL!
GUYS, GUYS, STOP.
[ GUNSHOT ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
OH, SHIT.
IT'S OKAY.
IT'S OKAY. TRUST ME.
EVERYTHING'S FITTING TOGETHER.
IT ALL MAKES SENSE.
THIS IS THE BEST WAY
TO DEAL WITH THIS.
IT'S ALL THE SAME ANYHOW.
I HAD TO DO IT.
[ Crying ] NO.
HEY, HE WAS
TRYING TO GET AWAY.
KIDNAPPING A POLICE OFFICER,
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
YOU KILL ONE,
IT'S ALL THE SAME.
[ WHIMPERS ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
HERE.
DO THE OTHER ONE.
NO, MAN.
HOW MUCH YOU GET
FROM THE ATM?
$600...
MINUS THE LIQUOR.
THAT'S GOOD.
THAT'S REAL GOOD.
WHAT THE FUCK NOW?
HUH?
GOT TO GET RID
OF THESE GUYS.
[ SIGHS ] ALL RIGHT?
WE GOT TO
GET RID OF THEM.
NO, MAN. I-I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT THIS, MAN.
UNH-UNH.
LOOK, CALM DOWN.
ALL WE GOT TO DO
IS CLEAN THIS UP AND LEAVE.
IT'S NOT ROCKET SCIENCE.
OKAY. OKAY.
ALL RIGHT. I GOT THIS.
I GOT -- LET'S JUST -- LET'S
JUST -- LET'S JUST DO IT, MAN!
ALL RIGHT.
DON'T MOVE.
GET HIS HAND, MAN.
PICK HIM UP.
COME ON! COME ON!
[ GRUNTS ]
COME ON, MAN!
GET HIM THROUGH.
GO. COME ON. GO.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
COME ON. GET UP.
DO I HAVE A CHOICE?
GET UP.
GIVE HIM THE SHOVEL,
MAN.
YOU'RE GONNA HELP US
DIG A HOLE.
NOW PICK IT UP
AND DIG.
PICK UP THE SHOVEL.
DIG.
COME ON. DIG, ASSHOLE.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
KEEP DIGGING.
COME ON.
GET IN THERE.
[ GRUNTS ]
THAT'S ENOUGH, MAN.
OKAY, GET OUT.
GET OUT.
PUT THE SHOVEL DOWN.
[ GRUNTS ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
[ GRUNTING ]
NOW YOU.
GET IN THE HOLE.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
I'M NOT DOING THAT.
I'M NOT GOING
IN THERE.
GET IN THE HOLE!
AAH!
[ GRUNTING ]
WE CAN SPLIT THE MONEY
AND GO OUR SEPARATE WAYS
AND NEVER LOOK BACK,
ALL RIGHT?
LET'S DO THIS BITCH
AND THEN COVER HIM UP.
PHILLIP? PHILLIP!
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
GODDAMN IT.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
[ PANTING ]
HELP ME.
I'M A COP.
[ PANTING ]
I'M A COP!
[ WHEEZING ]
[ SOBBING ]